1. Children are asked to follow some rules either at home or school.
   Children are expected to obey different rules either at home or school.
   
   be expected to do sth
   obey rules / obey different rules
   either … or …


2. Strict discipline sometimes are important, however, I think it sometimes has negative impact to children’s problem solving skills.
   Strict discipline is sometimes important, but it would have an adverse impact on children’s problem-solving abilities.

   strict discipline
   have an adverse impact on sth
   problem-solving abilities
   problem-solving skills?

3. The main function of rules is make children to take responsible of their own behaviours, and cultivate good behaviour from young age.
   The main function of rules is to hold children accountable for their behaviour and to help them develop good behaviour patterns from a young age.

   main function
   hold sb accountable for sth
   help sb develop sth
   from a young age

4. Unlike adults, children do not know the consequences resulted from their behaviours. And following rules may make them gradually understand how to be a socially acceptable person.
   Unlike adults, children are normally not aware of the consequences of bad behaviour, and setting rules can help them realise how to behave in a socially acceptable way.

   unlike
   be aware of / be not aware of
   consequence
   set rules
   realise
   behave in socially acceptable way

5. For instance, they will learn about how to show good manners and how to treat other people friendly. There are very important to their adult lives in future.
   For example, children can learn how to show good manners and get along with others, which would be important skills in adult life.

   show good manners
   get along with sb
   which clause

6. If there is no rule to prohibit children from saying bad words or bullying, they would probably not know how to deal with social relationship in adulthood.
   If no rules forbid them to use bad language or bully others, they will not know how to deal with social relationships in adulthood.

   forbid sb to do sth
   use bad language
   bully others
   deal with
   social relationships
   adulthood

7. If parent who define strict rules give priority to children’s obedience, those rule may not have good effect to children’s growth.
   Sometimes rules may not have a positive influence on children, if those parents who establish the strict rules give priority to children’s obedience.

   have a positive influence on sb / sth
   establish rules
   give priority to sth
   obedience

8. Children heavily rely on rules to make decision which may make them loss the ability to solve problem independently.
   Children will rely heavily on rules and may not be able to solve problems indenpendently.

   rely heavily on sth
   solve problems indenpendently

9. Controlling too much will make children unable to manage time by themselves. And they may not know who they should do for their jobs without their parent’s guidance.
    They may not know how to manage time themselves, as a result of strict upbringing, and they are not able to decide what to do in the workplace without their parents’ direction.

    manage time
    as a result of sth
    strict upbringing
    in the workplace
    without one’s direction
    

10. They are unlikely to achieve success in their career.
    They are unlikely to achieve success in their careers.

    unlikely
    achieve success
    career / careers

11. Children’s imagination may be limited by obeying rules so that they rarely solve a problem in different ways.
    Strict rules can stifle children’s creativity and they are not able to solve problem in different ways.

    stifle
    stifle one’s creativity
    solve problems in different ways

12. They dare not to put their idea into practice, because they are afraid of punishment if they violate the rules.
    They dare not put their ideas into practice, since they are afraid of being punished if they disobey rules.

    dare / dare not do sth
    put one’s idea into practice
    idea / ideas
    be afraid of sth
    punishment
    being punished
    disobey rules

13. If students are taught to solve a math problem in one way, there would be a few student to try to solve it in other approaches.
    If they are required to solve math problems in one way, they will rarely consider other approaches.

    be required to
    rarelly
    consider
    approach

14. The problems appeared in work are complicated, people hardly solve them without creativity.
    The problems in the real world are complex and people cannot tackle these problems without using imagination.

    in the real world
    complex
    tackle problems
    use imagination

